Define unexpected error codes and greasing. (#108)
huitema/dnsoquic: draft-ietf-dprive-dnsoquic.md

any time but will be ignored if the server has already sent the response. The
corresponding DNS transaction MUST be abandoned.

> A server that receives STOP_SENDING MUST issue a RESET_STREAM request.
> The error code of the reset stream request SHOULD be sent to 
> DOQ_REQUEST_CANCELLED. Servers MAY limit the number of
> reset stream requests received on a connection before choosing to close
> the connection.

Reviewer: This text is unclear. RESET_STREAM is an action by the sender, not a request for action.

With the change, you just seem to be restating the requirements of https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9000.html#section-3.5-4.

It seems the text is suggesting that a server might want to protect itself from gross cancellations, so you might want to rephrase it a little.

How about this instead?

```suggestion
Servers that receive STOP_SENDING act in accordance with {{Section 3.5 of RFC9000}}.
Servers MAY impose implementation limits on the total number or rate of request cancellations.
If limits are encountered, servers SHOULD close the connection with error code DOQ_EXCESSIVE_LOAD 
```

any time but will be ignored if the server has already sent the response. The
corresponding DNS transaction MUST be abandoned.

Servers that receive STOP_SENDING act in accordance with section 3.5 of {{!RFC9000}}.
Servers MAY impose implementation limits on the total number or rate of request cancellations.

> If limits are encountered, servers SHOULD close the connection with error code DOQ_EXCESSIVE_LOAD.

Reviewer: that's an option. 

I'll note that H3 decouples this conundrum, the action of closing is addressed by the normative language but the specific error code to use is always optional

> If limits are encountered, servers SHOULD close the connection with error code DOQ_EXCESSIVE_LOAD.

Author: New text says MAY, and adds weasel words about servers trading off between helping good faith clients debug issues and informing attackers about the state of defenses. I think it resolves the conversations, but we can always open a new issue...

If a peer encounters such an error condition it is considered a fatal error. It
SHOULD forcibly abort the connection using QUIC's CONNECTION_CLOSE mechanism,
and SHOULD use the DoQ error code DOQ_PROTOCOL_ERROR.

It is noted that the restrictions on use of the above EDNS(0) options has
implications for proxying message from TCP/DoT/DoH over DoQ.

### Alternative error codes

This specification suggests specific error codes {{transaction-cancellation}},
{{transaction-errors}}, and {{protocol-errors}}. These error codes are meant
to facilitates investigation of failures and other incidents. New error
codes may be defined in future versions of DoQ, or registered as specified
in {{iana-error-codes}}.

Because new error codes can be defined without negotiation, use of an error
code in an unexpected context or receipt of an unknown error code MUST be
treated as equivalent to DOQ_NO_ERROR.

Implementations that wish to test the support for the error code extension
mechanism MAY use DOQ_ERROR_RESERVED, or any error code registered according

> to {{iana-error-codes}}.

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be so restrictive. If an endpoint wants to test something unknown, they can pick any legal value that is or is not registered.

If a peer encounters such an error condition it is considered a fatal error. It
SHOULD forcibly abort the connection using QUIC's CONNECTION_CLOSE mechanism,
and SHOULD use the DoQ error code DOQ_PROTOCOL_ERROR.

It is noted that the restrictions on use of the above EDNS(0) options has
implications for proxying message from TCP/DoT/DoH over DoQ.

### Alternative error codes

This specification suggests specific error codes {{transaction-cancellation}},
{{transaction-errors}}, and {{protocol-errors}}. These error codes are meant

> to facilitates investigation of failures and other incidents. New error

Author: Thanks. This PR is merged and closed, but I opened issue #123 so we can fix that in the next revision.
